docs: Move N4A FAQ content to docs (#537)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-azure/getting-started/create-deployment/deploy-azure-portal.md

1. Use the search field to find "NGINXaaS" in the Azure Portal. In the Services results, select **NGINXaaS**.
1. Select **+ Create** on the **NGINXaaS** page to start the deployment process.

>    {{< note >}}It is not possible to select the instance type for an NGINXaaS deployment. NGINXaaS will deploy the right resources to ensure you get the right price-to-performance ratio.{{< /note >}}

Reviewer: I'd vote for dropping this note. In the document below, we talk about NCUs and that's how we size stuff for a deployment which is the right way to direct users to any sizing guidance.

>    {{< note >}}It is not possible to select the instance type for an NGINXaaS deployment. NGINXaaS will deploy the right resources to ensure you get the right price-to-performance ratio.{{< /note >}}

Author: ```suggestion
```

   | Apply default NGINX configuration | Confirm that you want your NGINXaaS deployment to be bootstrapped with a default NGINX configuration and a browsable splash page. |
   {{</bootstrap-table>}}

   #### **Notes on subnets:**

   - The minimum subnet size for NGINXaaS is `/27` and is enough for a single NGINXaaS deployment even at large scales.
   - You can use an existing subnet; make sure that the subnet is delegated to `NGINX.NGINXPLUS/nginxDeployments` before creating a deployment in it. To delegate a subnet to an Azure service, see [Delegate a subnet to an Azure service](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/manage-subnet-delegation?source=recommendations#delegate-a-subnet-to-an-azure-service).
   - The subnet can contain other resources; ensure the subnet size is adequate to scale the NGINXaaS deployment.

>    - You can deploy more than one NGINXaas in the same subnet, however, every deployment in the subnet will share the address space (range of IP addresses that resources can use within the VNet), so ensure the subnet is adequately sized to scale the deployments. If you are more than one NGINXaaS deployment or other resources, a larger subnet, for example, a `/24` is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - You can deploy more than one NGINXaaS in the same subnet, however, every deployment in the subnet will share the subnet IP address space, so ensure the subnet is adequately sized to scale the deployments. If you have more than one NGINXaaS deployment or other resources, a larger subnet, for example, a `/24` is recommended.
```

I vaguely recall there being a blurb about things that might get impacted with an overloaded subnet. Eg: The abilitiy to receive deployment upgrades and not just scaling. Can we please add that here.

Author: I can't find any blurb that has been removed:
https://docs.nginx.com/nginxaas/azure/faq/#:~:text=How%20large%20should,%2C%20is%20recommended.

Author: Accepting the other suggestions on the original FAQ text

   - You can change the virtual network or subnet for an existing NGINXaaS deployment. If the existing NGINXaaS deployment is using a public IP address, you can change the backend virtual network or subnet. Please make sure that the subnet is delegated to `NGINX.NGINXPLUS/nginxDeployments` before creating a deployment in it.
   - If your DNS nameservers are configured in the same VNet as your deployment, then you can use those DNS nameservers to resolve the hostname of the upstream servers referenced in your NGINX configuration.
   - Changes to a virtual network's DNS settings will not be applied automatically to your NGINXaaS deployment. To ensure DNS settings are applied, you must add any custom DNS servers to the VNET's DNS settings before creating an NGINXaaS deployment. As a workaround for existing deployments, we recommend using the [`resolver` directive](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#resolver) to explicitly specify your name server(s) and the [`resolve` parameter](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html#resolve) to automatically re-resolve the domain name of the server without restarting NGINX.

      For example,

>       ```nginx

Reviewer: this section is now feeling too bloated. We have only walked the user through the deployment creation workflow and giving them an example configuration here which they won't get to until they actually deploy NGINXaaS. It might confuse someone reading this guide.

Author: This content was in the FAQ.

If it is not relevant here please suggest where we can move it.

Reviewer: How about we move this into the `get-help` guide. I think that a better place for us to share this information rather than the overview of deployment creation.

Author: @puneetsarna can you clarify how much of this section do you want to move to the Get help doc? I imagine it's not just L71-74

Author: I have simplified the notes on subnets no unblock this PR. we can revisit them in a separate task

1. On the Review + create tab, your configuration is validated. You can review the selections made in the previous screens.

> 1. After validation has succeeded and you've reviewed the terms, select **Create** for Azure to start the deployment. The NGINXaaS deployment usually takes less than 5 minutes to complete.

Reviewer: ➕ to this. You probably want to back this up with some data as the figures vary.

> 1. After validation has succeeded and you've reviewed the terms, select **Create** for Azure to start the deployment. The NGINXaaS deployment usually takes less than 5 minutes to complete.

Author: This is copied from the existing FAQ:
https://docs.nginx.com/nginxaas/azure/faq/#:~:text=How%20long%20does,under%205%20minutes.

There it was not backed up with any figures, and I personally don't have any figures to back this up. I suggest to remove it.

> 1. After validation has succeeded and you've reviewed the terms, select **Create** for Azure to start the deployment. The NGINXaaS deployment usually takes less than 5 minutes to complete.

Author: ```suggestion
1. After validation has succeeded and you've reviewed the terms, select **Create** for Azure to start the deployment.
```

> 1. After the deployment finishes, select the NGINX deployment from the list (with "Type: NGINXaaS") to view information about the deployed resource, including the public and internal IP addresses (which don't change over time).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After the deployment finishes, select the NGINX deployment from the list (with "Type: NGINXaaS") to view information about the deployed resource, including the deployment IP address.
```

We have talked about the IP addresses and its limitations with the deployment previously so this could be simplified.

   {{< img src="nginxaas-azure/test-deployment.png" alt="NGINXaaS Overview page showing the IP address of the deployment in the Essentials section." >}}

> {{< important >}}It's not possible to manually stop or start NGINXaaS. If necessary, you have the option to delete the deployment and re-deploy at a future date.

Reviewer: this is feels like a **note** to me. 🤔

Author: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}It's not possible to manually stop or start NGINXaaS. If necessary, you have the option to delete the deployment and re-deploy at a future date.
```

> When you remove or delete an NGINXaaS deployment, the associated eNICs will automatically be deleted.{{</ important >}}

Reviewer: ➕ to the above. what was the reasoning behind including a lower-level detail here?

> When you remove or delete an NGINXaaS deployment, the associated eNICs will automatically be deleted.{{</ important >}}

Reviewer: I think we have the details called out here https://github.com/nginx/documentation/pull/537/files#diff-09a563e94282b3759859d0d4ec14f4bdfcb49376b69afbee8c63866070af4e0fR79.
